README.md, before:

# Snappable Meshes PCG

An implementation of the Snappable Meshes PCG technique in Unity.

## What is it?

The Snappable Meshes PCG technique consists of a system of connectors with pins
and colors which constrains how any two map pieces (i.e., meshes) can snap
together. Through the visual design and specification of these connection
constraints, and an easy-to-follow generation procedure, the method is
accessible to game designers and/or other non-experts in PCG, AI or programming.

This repository contains a prototype implementation of this technique developed
in the Unity game engine. It is currently implemented using Unity 2020.3 LTS.

## How does it work?

![01](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3018963/127988176-a3002b05-bc4c-4eb1-b817-b6fd955e6b85.png)
![02](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3018963/127988173-6c761e64-6e91-464d-b5e0-6449a7ac3978.jpg)
![03](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3018963/147121060-0631634a-be54-46e6-8e06-bf867b03a845.png)

## Published research

* Fachada, N., e Silva, R.C., de Andrade, D. & Códices, N. (2022). Unity
  Snappable Meshes. Software Impacts, 13, 100363.
  <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.simpa.2022.100363>
* e Silva, R. C., Fachada, N., de Andrade, D., & Códices, N. (2022). Procedural
  Generation of 3D Maps with Snappable Meshes. IEEE Access, 10.
  <https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3168832>
* e Silva, R. C., Fachada, N. Códices, N. & de Andrade, D. (2020). Procedural
  Game Level Generation by Joining Geometry with Hand-Placed Connectors. In
  Proceedings of Videojogos 2020 - 12th International Videogame Sciences and
  Arts Conference, VJ '20 (pp. 80-93), Mirandela, Portugal. SPCV.
  <http://videojogos2020.ipb.pt/docs/ProceedingsVJ2020.pdf#page=80>

## Third-party plugins

This software uses the following third-party plugins:

* [NaughtyAttributes](https://github.com/dbrizov/NaughtyAttributes)
  (MIT License)
* [Array2DEditor](https://github.com/Eldoir/Array2DEditor) (MIT License)

## License

[Apache 2.0](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Update README for automatic generation of metadata

README.md, after:

# Snappable Meshes PCG with automatic generation of piece metadata

An implementation of the Snappable Meshes PCG technique in Unity with automatic
generation of piece metadata.

## What is it?

The Snappable Meshes PCG technique consists of a system of connectors with pins
and colors which constrains how any two map pieces (i.e., meshes) can snap
together. Through the visual design and manual specification of these connection
constraints ([v1.0.0]) or a new auto-generation approach ([v2.0.0]), as well as
an easy-to-follow generation procedure, the method is accessible to game
designers and/or other non-experts in PCG, AI or programming.

This repository contains prototype implementations of these techniques developed
in the Unity game engine.

## How does it work?

![01](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3018963/127988176-a3002b05-bc4c-4eb1-b817-b6fd955e6b85.png)
![02](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3018963/127988173-6c761e64-6e91-464d-b5e0-6449a7ac3978.jpg)
![03](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3018963/147121060-0631634a-be54-46e6-8e06-bf867b03a845.png)

## Published research

### v2.0.0 - Automatic generation of map piece metadata

* de Andrade, D. & Fachada, N. (2023). Automated Generation of Map Pieces for
  Snappable Meshes. In Proceedings of Foundations of Digital Games 2023, FDG
  '23, Lisbon, Portugal. ACM. <https://doi.org/10.1145/3582437.3582483>

### v1.0.0 - Original Snappable Meshes implementation

* Fachada, N., e Silva, R.C., de Andrade, D. & Códices, N. (2022). Unity
  Snappable Meshes. Software Impacts, 13, 100363.
  <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.simpa.2022.100363>
* e Silva, R. C., Fachada, N., de Andrade, D., & Códices, N. (2022). Procedural
  Generation of 3D Maps with Snappable Meshes. IEEE Access, 10.
  <https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3168832>

### v0.0.1 - Preliminary work

* e Silva, R. C., Fachada, N. Códices, N. & de Andrade, D. (2020). Procedural
  Game Level Generation by Joining Geometry with Hand-Placed Connectors. In
  Proceedings of Videojogos 2020 - 12th International Videogame Sciences and
  Arts Conference, VJ '20 (pp. 80-93), Mirandela, Portugal. SPCV.
  <http://videojogos2020.ipb.pt/docs/ProceedingsVJ2020.pdf#page=80>

## Third-party plugins

This software uses the following third-party plugins:

* [NaughtyAttributes](https://github.com/dbrizov/NaughtyAttributes)
  (MIT License)
* [Array2DEditor](https://github.com/Eldoir/Array2DEditor) (MIT License)

## License

[Apache 2.0](LICENSE)

[v1.0.0]:https://github.com/VideojogosLusofona/snappable-meshes-pcg/releases/tag/v1.0.0
[v2.0.0]:https://github.com/VideojogosLusofona/snappable-meshes-pcg/releases/tag/v2.0.0
